=pod

=encoding UTF-8

=head1 NAME

Term::Drawille - Draw to your terminal using Braille characters

=head1 VERSION

version 0.02

=head1 SYNOPSIS

  use Term::Drawille;

  my $canvas = Term::Drawille->new(
    width  => 40,
    height => 40,
  );

  for(my $i = 0; $i < 40; $i++) {
    $canvas->set($i, $i, 1);
  }

  print $canvas->as_string;

=head1 DESCRIPTION

L<Text::Drawille> makes use of Braille characters to allow you to draw
lines, circles, pictures, etc, to your terminal with a surprising amount
of precision.  It's based on a Python library (L<https://github.com/asciimoo/drawille>);

=head1 METHODS

=head2 Term::Drawille->new(%params)

Creates a new canvas to draw on.

Valid key value pairs for C<%params> are:

=head3 width

Specify the width of the canvas in pixels.

=head3 height

Specify the height of the canvas in pixels.

=head3 borderStyle,borderColour  

Optionally set to draw a border around chart.
Valid styles are "simple", "double", "shadow", "thin" and "thick";

=head3 $canvas->set($x, $y, [$value])

Sets the value of the pixel at (C<$x>, C<$y>) to C<$value>.  If
C<$value> is omitted, it defaults to C<1>.

The $value is interpreted as a boolean: whether or not to draw
the pixel at the given position.

=head3 $canvas->as_string

Draws the canvas as a string of Braille characters and returns it.
Note that the string consists of Unicode B<characters> and not raw bytes;
The line C<use open ":std", ":encoding(UTF-8)";> in this version allows 
the encoding to be handled for printing to the terminal using
C<$canvas->draw($row,$column)> (see below)


=head3 $canvas->draw(), $canvas->draw($row,$column)

Draws the canvas at specific row and column in ANSI terminals.
If C<$canvas->{borderStyle}> is specified, then also prints a border


=head1 SEE ALSO

L<https://github.com/asciimoo/drawille>

=head1 AUTHOR

Rob Hoelz <rob@hoelz.ro>

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

This software is copyright (c) 2014 by Rob Hoelz.

This is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the same terms as the Perl 5 programming language system itself.

=head1 BUGS

Please report any bugs or feature requests on the bugtracker website
https://github.com/hoelzro/term-drawille/issues

When submitting a bug or request, please include a test-file or a
patch to an existing test-file that illustrates the bug or desired
feature.

=cut
